Event name: Birthday party

Definition: An individual celebrates a birthday with other people

Explication: A birthday in this context is the anniversary of a person's
birth. Less commonly, the term "birthday" can be used to refer to the
anniversary of an organization's establishment, but a celebration for an
organization does not satisfy the event definition.  

A birthday celebration is a gathering of people who have been invited by
the host or hosts to come to a set location (often a private home,
sometimes a restaurant, bar, nightclub, park, or other public venue) to
socialize in honor of the person(s) whose birthday it is (the birthday
celebrant(s)).  

Birthday parties, as with other parties/celebrations, will typically
feature an assortment of food and beverages. Birthday parties are often
accompanied by colorful decorations, such as balloons and streamers, and
some people may wear cone-shaped "birthday hats". The decorations may
include signs or banners displaying a message for the birthday
celebrant. Often, especially for children's parties, guests will bring
cards and/or gifts wrapped in shiny/colorful paper or bags, which will be
opened by the birthday celebrant(s), or by their parents/siblings if the
birthday celebrants are too young to open the gifts by themselves. A cake
(or sometimes cupcake or other food item) with lit candles, called the
"birthday cake", is often served. The song "Happy Birthday to You" may sung
by the guests while the birthday cake with lit candles is carried to a
table or counter where the birthday celebrant(s) are seated. The birthday
celebrant(s) then blow out the candles, usually after the song is finished,
and the guests then clap and cheer. Birthday parties may also involve games
or other organized group activities.

Evidential description:

 scene: indoors (a home, a restaurant) or outdoors (backyard, park); day or night

 objects/people: decorations (balloons, streamers, conical hats, etc),
 birthday cake (often with candles), birthday celebrant, guests, gifts

 activities: singing, blowing out candles on cake, playing games, eating,
 opening gifts

 audio: singing "Happy Birthday to You"; saying happy birthday; laughing;
 sounds of games being played 
